DOC-2181: add fix documentation for TINY-10289 in the 6.8 release notes. (#2971)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.8-release-notes.adoc

=== Search and replace plugin would incorrectly find matching text inside SVG elements.
// #TINY-10162

=== Merging an external p inside a list via delete or backspace would incorrectly try to move a parent element inside a child element.
// #TINY-10289

> Previously, when pressing backspace or delete on a paragraph, and while its also nested inside a `<li>` element, would move the paragraph element inside the child element, rather than merging the context into the `<li>` child element context.

Reviewer: only one thing about this, considering the example below here we have 2 situations:

1) you are at the beginning of the `p` and you press `backspace`
2) you are at the end of the `li` with id `child` and you press `delete`

I don't know if there is a better way to make it clear the distinction

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, when the caret was positioned at either the,

. **beginning** of the `<p>` and the `backspace` key is pressed; or
. **end** of the `<li>` with **id child** and the `delete` key is pressed.

the `<p>` tag element would be moved inside the child element, rather than the context being merged with the `<li>` child element context.
```

> .Example (issue)

Author: ```suggestion
.Example
```

[source, html]
----
<ol>
  <li>List 1</li>
  <li id="parent">
    <p>p1</p>
    <ol>
      <li id="child">List 1-1 </li>
    </ol>
    <p>Place cursor at the start of this line and hit backspace.</p>
  </li>
</ol>
----

> As a consequence, a console error would be displayed in the developer console.

Author: ```suggestion
As a consequence, a console error `"Uncaught DOMException: Failed to execute 'appendChild' on 'Node': The new child element contains the parent"`, would be displayed in the developer console.
```

> {productname} 6.8 addresses this issue, now, after pressing backspace or delete, the parent element no longer tried to merge into the child element, but rather unwraps the parent element and merges the context into the child element, resulting in:

Author: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.8 addresses this issue, now, after pressing the backspace or delete key, the parent element no longer attempts to merge into the child element, but rather unwraps the parent element and merges the context into the child element, resulting in:
```
